1. Upload to the server.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Upload the contents of the app to the server minus any private files (beginning
with dots).

A .devmode file present in the base directory will trigger developer mode,
alternatively triggered through a password in the request.

Make sure the folders named "private" and "logs" have strict permissions on the
server, to prevent anything outside from reading the contents. They includes an
.htaccess file to deny the web, but there are other things that may creep in
there.

TODO: understand Unix permissions. :)

2. Configure the application.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
private/config.yaml holds most of your configuration.

See config.yaml.example for an example script.


3. Create your authorization files.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This part may be a bit painful. The things you need to create are a service
account as well as a "web client".

Your project should have a google... "project" attached. Go here to get to the
control panel (good link as of 2020).
https://console.developers.google.com/apis/

Under Credentials, create a Service Account key. Don't need to give it any
roles, just a name. (I THINK?)

Save the service account key .json file to `private/service_account.json`.

Next, under Credentials, create a OAuth client ID. Type can be WEB, and make
sure this is put in the redirect URIs:

https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground

This will allow the OAuth playground to generate keys for you. Save this key
to `private/oauth_client.json`.

Follow this link to visit Google's oauth playground. Enter your OAuth client ID
and client secret in the configuration box.
https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/#step1&scopes=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.googleapis.com%2Fauth%2Fscript.scriptapp%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.googleapis.com%2Fauth%2Fdocuments%20https%3A%2F%2Fwww.googleapis.com%2Fauth%2Fdrive&url=https%3A%2F%2F&content_type=application%2Fjson&http_method=GET&useDefaultOauthCred=checked&oauthEndpointSelect=Google&oauthAuthEndpointValue=https%3A%2F%2Faccounts.google.com%2Fo%2Foauth2%2Fv2%2Fauth&oauthTokenEndpointValue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.googleapis.com%2Foauth2%2Fv4%2Ftoken&includeCredentials=unchecked&accessTokenType=bearer&autoRefreshToken=unchecked&accessType=offline&prompt=consent&response_type=code&wrapLines=on

Press Authorize APIs, and then Exchange authorization code for tokens.

Copy the refresh token generated and put it in `private/client_refesh.json`
which should look like this:

{
   "refresh": "83u8uh83y5a9p238y5apw8935paw85apw85pwa98"
}

If there is a `private/client_access.json`, delete it. That's a temporary file
generated with a previous refresh token.

The last step here should be made easier in the future with a script to
generate the required tokens on a local client.
